adds python testing sections (#1887)
temporalio/documentation: docs/application-development/testing.md

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="python">

> To run an Activity in a test, you can use the [`ActivityEnvironment`](https://python.temporal.io/temporalio.testing.ActivityEnvironment.html) class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run an Activity in a test, use the [`ActivityEnvironment`](https://python.temporal.io/temporalio.testing.ActivityEnvironment.html) class.
```

> This class allows you to run any callable inside an activity context, and you can use it to test the behavior of your code under different conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This class allows you to run any callable inside an Activity context. Use it to test the behavior of your code under different conditions.
```

Reviewer: Also, callable what?

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="python">

> To test a Heartbeat in an Activity, you can use the `on_heartbeat()` property of the `ActivityEnvironment` class. This property allows you to set a custom function that will be called every time the `activity.heartbeat()` function is called within the Activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test a Heartbeat in an Activity, use the `on_heartbeat()` property in the `ActivityEnvironment` class to set a custom function. This function will be called every time the `activity.heartbeat()` function is called within the Activity.
```

Reviewer: Just realized this was the generated doc. Please apply these changes to the source docs if desired.

```python
async def test_heartbeats():

>     async def activity_with_heartbeats(param: str):

Reviewer 2: May want to move this outside and add a `@activity.defn`. Not required but it can be clearer for docs.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="python">

> To cancel an Activity in Temporal, you can use the [`WorkflowHandle.cancel()`](https://python.temporal.io/temporalio.client.WorkflowHandle.html#cancel) method, which will send a cancellation request to the running Workflow.

Reviewer 2: DId you mean "To cancel a Workflow"?

```python
import asyncio
import uuid
from temporalio.client import Client
from temporalio.worker import Worker

# Import your Workflow definition
from hello.hello_cancellation import CancellationWorkflow

async def test_cancel_workflow(client: Client):
    task_queue_name = str(uuid.uuid4())
    async with Worker(
        client,
        task_queue=task_queue_name,
        workflows=[CancellationWorkflow],
    ):
        # Start your Workflow 
        handle = await client.start_workflow(
            CancellationWorkflow.run,
            id=(str(uuid.uuid4())),
            task_queue=task_queue_name,
        )

        # Wait for the Activity to start
        await asyncio.sleep(5)

        # Cancel the workflow
        await handle.cancel()

        # Assert that the workflow has been canceled

>         assert "CANCELED" == (await handle.describe()).status

Reviewer 2: `temporalio.client.WorkflowExecutionStatus.CANCELED` would be better to compare against

```

> The async `cancel()` method sends a cancellation request to the running Workflow. If the Workflow is running an Activity that listens to cancellation, it will terminate the Activity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The async `cancel()` method sends a cancellation request to the running Workflow. If the Workflow is running an, it will cancel the Activity.
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="python">

Provide mock Activity implementations to the Worker.

```python
import uuid
from temporalio.client import Client
from temporalio.worker import Worker

# Import your Activity definition and real implementation
from hello.hello_activity import (
    ComposeGreetingInput,
    GreetingWorkflow,
    compose_greeting,
)

# Define your mocked Activity implementation
@activity.defn(name="compose_greeting")
async def compose_greeting_mocked(input: ComposeGreetingInput) -> str:
    return f"{input.greeting}, {input.name} from mocked activity!"

async def test_mock_activity(client: Client):
    task_queue_name = str(uuid.uuid4())
    # Provide the mocked Activity implementation to the Worker
    async with Worker(
        client,
        task_queue=task_queue_name,
        workflows=[GreetingWorkflow],
        activities=[compose_greeting_mocked],
    ):
        # Execute your Workflow as usual
        assert "Hello, World from mocked activity!" == await client.execute_workflow(
            GreetingWorkflow.run,
            "World",
            id=str(uuid.uuid4()),
            task_queue=task_queue_name,
        )
```

> When providing the Worker with the mocked Activity implementations, you should only provide the mocked implementations and not the real implementations.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure I understand this sentence, it's a bit of a tautology.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="python">

> To implement manual time skipping, use the [`start_time_skipping()`](https://python.temporal.io/temporalio.testing.WorkflowEnvironment.html#start_time_skipping) static method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To implement time skipping, use the [`start_time_skipping()`](https://python.temporal.io/temporalio.testing.WorkflowEnvironment.html#start_time_skipping) static method.
```

```python
from temporalio.testing import WorkflowEnvironment

async def test_manual_time_skipping():

>     async with await WorkflowEnvironment.start_time_skipping() as env:

Reviewer 2: It is important to note is that time auto-skips workflow tie and then stops auto-skipping during activity execution.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="python">

> One recommended framework for testing in Python for the Temporal SDK is [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/), which can help with fixtures to stand up and tear down test environments, provide useful test discovery, and make it easy to write parametrized tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temporal recommends [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/) for testing in Python.
This library makes it easy to write parametrized tests, and provides useful test discovery and test environment fixtures.
```

Reviewer: It's either a class or library. I'm a bit rusty on what Python calls it.
